[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR]
In order to defeat one of the
Four Emperors of the New World,
the Straw Hats form
an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged all
present to a game.
Amidst the chaos, he also
put prices on the heads
of Luffy and his allies, turning
the entire kingdom against them.
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
Welp! Time to deliver
that ass kicking! Let's go!
[LAW]
Wait!
What, Traffy?
[LAW] Doflamingo isn't
someone you can pummel
with your sheer will alone.
You need to keep a level head.
What? There's no way
I'm cooling off!
I'm totally fired up!
I'm telling you, if you
don't take my advice,
you're gonna be
in for a bad time.
[LUFFY]
Stop bossing me around!
I promised Rebecca
I'd take care of him,
so butt-out and let me
handle it my way!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Uhh, eporting in.
I have eyes on
Straw Hat and Law!
They're near the pool courtyard.
[SUGAR]
Roger that.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A]
Cuh-lick.
[SUGAR]
I spent a decade of my life
increasing their numbers
little by little.
Thousands of toy slaves
at our disposal.
But that imbecile
destroyed years of my
hard work in an instant.
Hurry it up, Kanjuro!
We are in a crunch here!
[KANJURO]
Stay calm! It's near completion!
[SUGAR]
Revenge won't take long.
Just a brush of my hand and pow!
Farewell, Straw Hat.
In that split second,
it'll be as though
you never existed.
Everyone will forget you,
you trash.
[LUFFY READS ALOUD]
[TOWNSPEOPLE grunting]
The final stroke
is laid! What beauty!
My apologies for
the wait, Sir Usopp!
Such things can take a while!
Wait. It's done?
Yeah, this should do!
Lovely craftsmanship!
I disagree.
I'm no expert, but this looks
quite unwell to my eye.
Nah, it's fine. We'll make do!
[TOWNSMAN A]
Faster! Keep going!
[TOWNSMAN B]
Don't fall!
[TOWNSMAN C]
Get ready, King Riku!
[USOPP]
All done!
Interesting form of ammunition!
Yep! This bad boy
is the "Bagworm"!
And it's gonna create a level
playing field with Sugar.
[USOPP]
Viola!
I need your Clairvoyance
to back me up.
I'll want you to relay
every move Sugar makes, okay?
Ready.
With such a great deal at stake,
are you sure this is
the correct measure?
[USOPP] It's not like
I got other options here.
Sugar's already on the move.
But I am the sniper.
This is where I shine.
I take out enemies from afar
and protect my team!
Viola. Make me proud.
Right.
I can see her now!
Sugar's approaching
them from the back!
Thanks!
Hey, Captain Tank and Hack!
Yes, sir!
Lend me a hand.
We'll provide cover.
Where are you going?
There is a sea of furious
people drawing closer.
[TOWNSPEOPLE grunting]
[DOLDO] They're bewildered
and desperate.
They may even be
coming for my head.
Run away! I can't stop this!
[DOLDO] Without harming
a single one. We'll stop them.
I'm afraid that's
easier said than done.
[DOLDO]
We have no other choice.
The last thing I wish to do
is hurt my people further
by playing into Doflamingo's
wretched game.
All we need to do is
stall time while they aim.
Sounds like a plan
to me, old king guy!
[VIOLET] Usopp! Sugar's nearing
your friends at a steady pace!
[VIOLET]
They are in her line of sight!
Keep your eye on her!
Made it!
They're here! It's King Riku!
Viola! Kin'emon!
And God Usopp!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[TOWNSMAN J]
Round them all up, guys!
We'll take 'em
straight to Doflamingo!
--Ya ready?
--For sure!
Remember.
No injuries whatsoever.
[USOPP]
I better make this count!
We must help him stem the tide!
I concur!
Why is "kicking someone's
ass black and blue"
always your answer
to every problem?
What's wrong with that?
It always seems to
work out fine for me!
[SUGAR] Neither Trafalger Law
or Monkey D. Luffy
know who I am
or what I look like.
This should be a real cake walk.
[crying]
A girl?
Sugar's there.
Right in the yard.
It's go time.
[SUGAR crying]
Can you two help me?
Why's a little kid here?
[crying] Daddy! Mommy!
Where are you?
It sounds like she got lost.
In a place like this?
I don't think so.
[LUFFY]
Hey. You need help?
[LAW]
Just ignore her.
[SUGAR cries]
I don't like this mean man!
Let's ditch her.
It's dangerous around here,
so go find a hiding spot.
I'm scared! Please don't
leave me alone!
[USOPP]
Luffy!
Mark my words!
None of us shall run!
Nor will we harm you!
[gasps] Father!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[HACK] Come on,
pull yourselves together!
[KIN'EMON]
Whatever the cost,
I shall not let you
near Sir Usopp!
[KANJURO]
Halt! None shall--
None shall--
Hey! None shall pass!
[USOPP]
Don't get distracted!
My apologies!
[USOPP] Ya' gotta tell me
her exact location.
Look at the top of the tower.
You see the windows?
[USOPP]
Yeah.
[VIOLET] I can see
Straw Hat through the one
just right of the
most centered window,
but there's iron bar over it.
[USOPP]
What do the bars look like?
[VIOLET] There's one vertical
and three running horizontally.
From a glace, I'd estimate
that the bottom of the window
is around four feet
off the ground.
Which is approximately
Sugar's height.
And how big are
the bottom two panes?
Fifteen inches tall
by twenty wide.
Barely big enough.
[USOPP]
Where is Sugar now?
[VIOLET]
She's still behind the column.
[SUGAR crying]
Let's go.
Don't leave me alone! Help me!
Sorry, we've got something
to take care of.
Please! I'm begging you,
don't leave me!
I'll give you these! Don't go!
[VIOLET]
Sugar's advancing.
She should be in the
middle any moment now.
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[TOWNSMAN K] If you
don't move, I'll make you!
[DOLDO] Everybody! Please!
You must back away!
[USOPP]
My target's behind a wall.
If I miss, it's bye-bye Luffy.
Here! They're so yummy!
[LUFFY gasps]
They are?
[SUGAR]
Mm!
Seriously?
What's your problem?
She offered to share!
[VIOLET] Sugar's now in the
center of the bottom left pane.
[VIOLET]
She's drawing closer to them.
[gasps] Are you all right?
[USOPP]
I can't... hold still!
Damn it!
[USOPP gasps]
[LAW gasps]
No!
[USOPP gasps]
[USOPP] I have to nail this,
no matter what!
[VIOLET gasps]
[USOPP] Hey, Luffy!
I know you can't hear me,
but I really don't wanna hit
the seas without you, buddy!
Plus, this kingdom
needs you right now!
[USOPP] This shot has
your name on it, Sugar!
There's no way your
Family... stops us here!
[USOPP]
What's going on?
I can see... their auras!
[USOPP]
There's Luffy!
[USOPP] This is it!
Everything rides on this!
Super Grown-Up
Great Black Kabuto!
Special! Long-Range
Attack! Bag Worm!
[TOWNSPEOPLE yelling]
[USOPP] A breeze flowing
from west to east.
[USOPP]
A wind force scale of four.
A slight tailwind.
We got him now!
[USOPP]
Two.
One.
[USOPP] The first booster!
Exploding Star!
A slight ascension,
the rear disengages.
Two seconds later,
another booster fires off.
[USOPP]
The outer shell falls.
The ammo launches horizontally.
It's rocketing at
the Rampart Tower,
towards the lower left pane.
It soars through the bars
and stays on course!
Steadfast towards its target!
[SUGAR]
Huh?
[USOPP] It's not a direct hit,
but that's intentional.
[SUGAR screams]
[USOPP] Its objective
is to reignite trauma!
[SUGAR screaming]
[USOPP]
Luffy. I got your back.
Even if you don't realize it.
Just keep pushing ahead!
[KANJURO]
Sir Usopp.
Why you requested your
likeness inscribed puzzles me.
You can turn it into
a tangible object, yeah?
Yes, but...
Just do it! I gonna
use it for ammunition!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Sugar, no!
Damn it, she's knocked
out cold again!
[CAVENDISH]
They stopped?
So they did.
[BARTOLOMEO] Uhh... What,
they're just falling apart?
[ROBIN]
Something happened.
[CAVENDISH]
Yes, the question is what.
Astounding! You pulled it off!
You truly are
a remarkable sniper!
The princess?
Excellent work, Usopp!
Sugar is down for the count.
[chuckles]
Incredible!
Is it true? He's triumphant?
[TANK]
Huh?
I'm impressed, Sir Usopp!
Such an impossible feat!
[USOPP pants]
Hell yeah.
How are they?
They're both fine. Nice work.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Wake up! No!
It's time to go!
Mingo! We're here!
And they've just
made it. At last.
[VIOLET] Now let's hope they
end the final battle, quickly!
I see. [chuckles]
Good luck, Luffy!
Welcome to my roost.
Please disregard the mess.
I wasn't expecting
any company this late.
So, do tell me.
What brings you
vermin here today?
I'm here to whoop
your sorry butt!
Same here.
How sad for you.
[NARRATOR]
Luffy and Law finally come
face-to-face with Doflamingo!
Unfortunately, the two
pirates soon fall prey
to his cunning provocations.
Manipulating Bellamy
as a weapon,
Doflamingo has Law and Luffy
in the palm of his hand.
Their only hope
is to strike back
with everything they've got!
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Anger Erupts!
Luffy and Law's
Ultimate Stratagem!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!